
ORIGINAL Future Implementation Needed

2/23/2021

**    Add logging record feature?

Home Page
    Change alarms to reminders (and change home in tabbar to reminders)
    Add display to show when timer was last executed, do not integrate pause with it as it should show how long from it was last executed
    Add three different options for when the alarm goes off, turn off (change isEnabled), one for remind shortly/ snooze (e.g. 30 minutes) and one for reset alarm (already implemented)
    Decrease precision when converting time to string, if over an hour show hours and minutes, if under an hour show minutes no seconds, and only show seconds under a minute
    
Dogs
    Change from dogs overview to dogs configeration
    Add editting for a reminder
    Add nudge/error if trying to add a dog with no reminders
    
    AddDog
        Add title to the top like the tab bar pages, e.g. Create Dog
        Hide big green and back when adding a reminder/need to a dog, how dad fumbled when not clicking addToList before hitting big green to update/add dog.
        Change from needs to reminders in all parts
        Change embedded Add need thing from Add A Need to Create reminder
        When adding a need/reminder change back arrow from <Needs to just <
        Change from Add To List to Add (tab bar button)

AlertController
    Create different Utils for willShowDogReminder (? on name) instead of willShowAlert as wSDR will have three button but wSA will only have the ok button
    
2/28/2021

Potentially restructure sender system into two components: localizedSneder and originSender
Origin sender: Will store the very root call of the function, where a user action (i believe in most cases) called some function to trigger a series of events.
Localized sender: Will store the last class to handle the function call.

This will allow for the class having the information passed to it to know what direction to route it in without having to compare originSender to every possible class. For example HomeMainScreenTableView could make a dogManager change, the origin sender would be itself, when it reaches MainTabBarViewController, the localized sender would be HomeViewController, as it just passed the information to MTBVC but the origin sender would still be HMSTVC. This would potentislly solve bugs where through the passage of information and updating, the class of the originSender is reached again and without this functionality once the class is reached it would update/change information that was already handled when it made that original function call (which started the chain).

3/17/2021

Create default schedule that is based off researched numbers for users when they first launch the app, basically just modify the default dog a tiny bit so it has accurate real life numbers.

Time of day
    Add checkbox when time of day is selected when creating/updating reminder where user can select a certain time interval to be reminded after the task is completed (NOT SNOOZED). Potentially call it (when showing alarm) Post-Task Reminder and say at the bottom when configuring the reminder "Remind me again (DATE PICKER) after this reminder"
    TECH INFO:
        Compartmentalize reminders so it has two different classes inside, one thats countdown components which has all of the current things and then add TimeOfDay components that can store time of day. Right now only one time of day reminder is needed but DO NOT build functionality for multiple time of day reminders within one reminder as it will add to much completity. Potentially add later but dad said not to.

Change add button to an animated button. Make little pop ups for different options. Example: If you have three dogs, make pop ups above blue add button (bottom to top in this order) Add A Dog, Add A reminder for Penny, Add a reminder for Fido, Add a reminder for Penny, and Add a reminder for Ginger

Add always present chevron.right to the dogs page to indicate that it is editable, make no function changes but just chevron to the right of the toggle on off button to show that you can click the cell to edit it.
    Add a enable/disable slide when editting a dog so you can turn it off while on edit menu, also add the enable/disable to the tableview of reminders when editting a dog. This is the functionality already on the Dogs Configuration home page but add it so it is accessable when editting a dog.

4/5/2021

Change Home Screen
    REMINDER DISPLAY-
        Disable and remove "since last time" (leave in data structure for future)
    LOGGING REMINDER - Allow a reminder to be clicked and pop up an action sheet of options isntead of convertion cells to reminder log. Remove snooze and disable from options, allow the only option as either log or skip next alarm (depending on whether it is countdown or time of day). Hide (don't completely axe) blue button as it is implicit. Add chevron to indicate clickability.
    
Take off the disable button for when a reminder is executed as it can be fat fingered

Change bella defaults
    Breakfast at 7 am
    Dinner at 5 pm
    Potty every 2 hours
    
Turn on follow up reminder by default

For count down reminder, when displaying its time interval, change from "TI" to every "TI" e.g. 3 Hours -> Every 3 Hours

Stop displaying dog description on dogs configuration, keep in data model, disable and hide input fields

When launching for the first time, have entry page as configure dogs and not home screen dispaly

4/11/2021

Remove cancel snooze option when clicking on a reminder on the home screen

Change cancel button when you have a .alert alertController when a reminder goes off to make the reminder enabled but inactive, i.e. say no more time left and leave it to sit there until handled e.g. clicking Did it!

Handle how i want but change skip next reminder to did it and unskip to undid it?, up to me to figure out exact edge case

Sound when alert pops up in app (vibration?)

Font awesome?

Icon for app (explore art teacher)

App name exploration, link into words in the work of puppy training and house breaking. Explore amazon for example.

Write app store description, should be used in app story obviously but also given to usability testers (in additon to what they should try to do)

Work on logs page

4/25/2021

Usability Test 1 - Andrew

Dog switch doesn't properly indicate subalarm disable (e.g. disabling bella doesnt show sub alarms are disabled)

Can't find remove to remove Bella

User wants to enter a reminder every two hours, didn't know that countdown was recurring

User assumed that back button was saving, and didn't have anything save

Created a dog but didn't hit save, it wasn't available in reminder area

Wants auto capitalization of dog name / reminder name

Check snooze for if it adds to log dates as it shouldnt

Click on log so you add a note

Add pop up for the first time for the user to name their dog.

Filtering for logs

If trying to backout without saving, have a popup asking if they want to.

Can't add an arbitrary log without adding a reminder

Replace gear in top right with with an i circle to present info about the page

Didn't realize that countdown was recurring -- Change Count Down to recurring and add text that says "do every... datePicker"

Good:
Clean
Intuative
Able to pause everything (like pausing dating app)
Useful for a while until puppy starts whining and doesn't need alarm

Negative:
Not working on older version
Deleting not clear

4/26/2021

Song - Third Period - 5/20 or 5/24
Talk to dad abt presenting to song
Setup testflight sharing for UT and feedback

5/2/2021

Usability Test 2 - Elizabeth

Add more info for follow up delay on settings, doesn't know the difference between snooze and follow up.

Add custom grouping for reminders, e.g. meals, hygine

Calendar for scheduling events

For count down timer, have it starting after a certain time

Don't save reminder doesn't check if info has changed, always pops

Be able to add picture of dog, add breed info with attached stuff real life info.

Drop down arrow for reminders to do

After the alarm went off it left her on the configure dogs page, doesn't realize exsistence of reminders page.

Logs page is just a history log, can't add info (you can through notes but that isn't clear)

Sorting of reminders page instead of chronological, sort like dogs page.

Logos / icons for reminders (maybe dog)

Instead of actionSheet pop up on reminders page, would rather have another page to add info

Want different page when clicking on a note, segue to a different page instead. Show info and ability to edit.

Pages look similar, want to some how differentiate pages more.

App seems like more of a hastle, see people using it temporarily then moving on.

Tutorial when you launch up the app, next next next to demonstrate how to use the app. More welcoming and easier to use.

Left to a different tab bar page before hitting save, maybe auto save if the person leaves the page.

Thinks the info pages are the exact same between pages, not different / custom info. Also are a bit lengthy. Could be more interactive. Instead of describing, show with pictures.

Thinks the recurring timer keeps repeating even if not responded to.

Auto sort reminders for a dog chronologically.

Want Calendar overview for all alarms, like google calendar.

Change dogs to configure and configure dogs to configure reminders, display time left (like on reminders page) under the reminder

Change entering name of reminder to drop down of types

If creating a reminder then do a prompt to turn on notifications, also give a prompt if they want default reminders

5/6/2021

when adding arbitrary log, make action blank by default

change add arbitrary log to create log, remove UI elements that differentiate arbitrary logs from reminder logs.

get rid of log disclaimer

change from "26 minutes left" change to "remind in: 26 minutes"

change update reminder to update reminder

change "after logging alarm, repeat in:" to "after responding to reminder, repeat again in:"

First time when they click on configure, pop up page. Don't create reminders for dogs until that page is accessed for the first time. Popup first has short description e.g."Use this page to configure reminders to care for your dog", /n "we've created reminders that are useful for most dogs." At bottom, have area asking if they want notifications.

change edit to edit reminder
change remove to remove reminder
change did it to "Log Potty" "Log Breakfast"

look into when (for example) logging a potty, being able to log Potty: Pee, Potty: Poo, etc. like an arbitrary log. Possibly chaning data type from reminderAction to ArbitraryLogType.

Change Potty: Poop to Potty: poo

change Potty: Pee and poop to Potty: both

change Potty: Neither to Potty: Didn't go

5/9/2021

UT Pat - Tore through the app and understood it

Want medicine default
Wasn't clear exactly how to add reminder to a dog, clicked on a dog and saw action sheet and toom a second, finally figured out add button in bottom right
Filter spot not clear at first, took second to find
Likes filter ability
Reminders page/configure dogs page is straight forward
12:15 PM alarms visual display shows as 12:15 Am even though set correctly as PM time
Snooze default of 30 minutes is too long, set default to less.
Default snooze time would depend, take the dog out would be short (<5 mins) but other things can be longer like feedings (~10 - ~30 mins), Dad thinks its feature creep to make snoozes different depending on scheduled log type.
Configurable log types
Thinks follow up notification is a reminder after when the reminder is snoozed
Thinks app could be useful for a full grown dog with the multi user enviroment (pat and melissa have trouble corrodinating who fed the dog, don't really need reminders but needs tracking).
Wants dismiss button to restart the timing but not log even, same as clicking "Log ..." but without the recording feature.
Unclearing filter is not clear
Dad say put picture of dog next to log on log page
When clicking on a dog, should have option for add dog.

5/10/2021

UT Mom

Icon for Potty: Poo maybe
"We will generate a dog for you" is unclear because she believes she is generating the dog herself
Compact/regular mode is too close to dog logs (my opinion not hers)
Clicked past menu that popped up when first going to reminders page, didn't turn on notifications. Possible add check if there are reminder present but notifications off to prevent missing alarms.
Want custom label for brush (want to make it herself as we don't have it), maybe custom labels for types of medicine (she suggested can possible do it with notes feature)
Took a second for her to turn how to time of day
Didn't know how to change which days it happens, took her a second but she figured it out herself
Doesn't understand difference between a log and a reminder
Confused because she created a dog and it opened log page instead of reminder page
Info button not clear, even though right next to the name.
Thinks that pause reminders might still send notifications
Took second to realize that when she clicks on log on reminders page actually goes to logs page, add some confirmation ("Log created (checkmark)") to show that it happened.
"After responding to reminder..." confuses her
Can't do monthly, only week days
Didn't like dropping on the logs page ("What's a dog log?"), thought logs list was a to do list.
(My idea) change dog logs to logs of care or care logs
Remove name autocorrect thingyin text field pop up (it shows human names)
Two layer menu confused her
Thinks she can chain together TOD and recurring
Crashs if trying trying to log while reminders are paused.
She doesn't understand exit confirmation, maybe change wording to "Yes, I don't want to save my new changes."
Check into log disappearing when information edited (TOD), possibly occured.
Look into permission for making the app ring when closed and when ringer off.
Change display when snoozing from "Remind in: ..." to "snoozing..." as I couldn't tell the difference.
Look into a termination message as if app is terminated then notifications wont run

Reminders page pop up make shorter, when clicking all done or dismissing pop notification authorization request
Change follow up notification to a block of text. Change i circle to question marks possibly.

UT - Office people, Beth, Melissa, Christina, Friends, Teachers

5/19/2021

UT Sean

Personal notes/noticed:
Check filter auto dismiss by clicking anywhere, not be working
possibly investigate clipping for create dog/create reminder labels if really long dog name
investigate volume of reminder for loud notifications, didn't seem to trigger first time

Likes:
follow up and loud notification
create dog/create reminder button animation
filter
smooth transitions
information overview pages
a lot of functionality intuative
Defaults took care of feed for him

Wants:
maybe make chevron on cells lighter for both logs and reminders
filter to be slightly bigger so easier to click
maybe change feed to be breakfast lunch and dinner
Thinks logs text could be bigger and that alignment could be better so can easily scan through
schedule one time reminder
start time for recurring reminder


For reminders first time popup, should short list of what defaults it will add. Doesn't need to be highly detailed.
Logs overview mode confusing when disabled due to no dog icon, add description
Likes iOS's approach of short description under instead of (?) circle thing
Thinks at first that pause all reminders is tied to snooze length, pauses alarms for the length specified by snooze length date picker
Thinks logs and reminders are tied if creating log
Didn't think it was intuative to create dog from reminders page
Some pages have save while some don't (logs & reminder vs settings)
Would be helpful if under dog name it shows the next reminder and how long until it goes off
In terms of puppy training, if the dog didn't go then a way to log but reset timer to shorter time instead of its full time. Needs to be able to do something that is not the normal setup. Certain reminder types could have their own settings, aka rules based engine.
Don't capitalize every word for log notes, only start of sentence

UT Moe

Add confirmation for deleting dog/reminder from reminders page
Thinks follow up might be tied snooze
Thinks font size on logs is small but big jump to big font of reminder/settings
No filter indication of active filtering
Thinks size of buttons (+ and <-) is a bit big
Wants a one time reminder
Logs overview mode needs note/desc

UT Basil

Notes shouldn't capitalize every word, one line is too small.
Date selector smaller, notes bigger
No option for doctor visit
Slick looking, very clear, loves it
Cannot create own log type
Change minimum scale factor of log, 0.5 makes it unreadable
Doesn't give default reminders for a new dog, have to start from scratch
Assume everything is a dog (opposed to a cat or other animal)
No prompt to add notes when logging something, can only do at a later point in time
Likes when logging something from reminders page that there is a indicator
(MY NOTE)maybe change animation if undoing a log
confused on difference between reminders and notification but is an android user, figured it out himself by assuming its iOS lingo.
Thought reset button only reset settings and not whole app
Likes name Hound


8/30/2021

Changelog // 1.2

-Added Dark Mode 🌙, customize this by visiting the "Appearance" section of the settings page, selecting one of the options under "Theme"
-Fixed bug where manually logged reminders sometimes didn't save
-Fixed bug where drop down menus sometimes wouldn't close
-Improved responsiveness when changing the icon for your dog
-Improved descriptions of certain settings



